VAULT-26466: audit - docs for including correlation ID headers by default (#26778)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.17.x.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Upgrade to Vault 1.17.x - Guides
description: |-
  Deprecations, important or breaking changes, and remediation recommendations
  for anyone upgrading to 1.17.x from Vault 1.16.x.
---

# Overview

The Vault 1.17.x upgrade guide contains information on deprecations, important
or breaking changes, and remediation recommendations for anyone upgrading from
Vault 1.16. **Please read carefully**.

## Important changes

### Allowed audit headers now have unremovable defaults

> Vault provides an [API endpoint](/vault/api-docs/system/config-auditing#create-update-audit-request-header)
> for Operators to allow a given header, if present in an incoming request, to appear
> in audit logs.
> 
> In previous versions of Vault no headers were added unless the Operator had explicitly
> configured them.
> 
> As of Vault 1.17 a predefined set of [default headers](/vault/docs/audit#default-headers)
> are now added automatically. By default, the value of these headers **are not** HMAC'd,
> but Operators can manually configure the [HMAC setting](/vault/api-docs/system/config-auditing#hmac)
> for each of the default headers if required.
> 
> Please read the [audit request headers documentation](/vault/docs/audit#audit-request-headers)
> for more detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [config auditing API endpoint](/vault/api-docs/system/config-auditing#create-update-audit-request-header)
tells Vault to log incoming request headers (when present) in the audit log.

Previously, Vault only logged headers that were explicitly configured for
logging. As of version 1.17, Vault automatically logs a predefined set of
[default headers](/vault/docs/audit#default-headers). By default, the header
values are not HMAC encrypted. You must explicitly configure the
[HMAC setting](/vault/api-docs/system/config-auditing#hmac) for each of the
default headers if required.

Refer to the
[audit request headers documentation](/vault/docs/audit#audit-request-headers)
for more information.
```

Style correction: write in active voice
